added test requirement for BGP multipath ECMP (#2487)
openconfig/featureprofiles: feature/bgp/multipath/otg_tests/bgp_multipath_ecmp_test/README.md

# RT-1.51: BGP multipath ECMP

## Summary

Validate BGP in multipath scenario

## Testbed type

[TESTBED_DUT_ATE_4LINKS](https://github.com/openconfig/featureprofiles/blob/main/topologies/atedut_2.testbed)

## Procedure

*  Connect DUT port-1 and 2 to ATE port-1 and 2 respectively
*  Configure IPv4/IPv6 addresses on the interfaces

*  RT-1.51.1: Verify eBGP - multipath not enabled
  *  Establish eBGP sessions between:
    *  ATE port-1 and DUT port-1
    *  ATE port-2 and DUT port-2
    *  ATE port-3 and DUT port-3
  *  Configure ATE devices(ports) on same AS
  *  Enable an Accept-route all import-policy/export-policy for eBGP session under the neighbor AFI/SAFI.

>   *  Validate: Advertise same prefixes on both sessions from ATE ports, observe received prefixes at DUT ports.

Reviewer: I think this subtest should be titled, "verify maximum-paths" to be slightly clearer, referring to the OC leaf name for `/network-instances/network-instance/protocols/protocol/bgp/peer-groups/peer-group/use-multiple-paths/ebgp/config/maximum-paths`.

 To validate this, you need ATE port2,3  with the same prefixes at the same cost (as-path length) advertised to the DUT.   You  further verify by sending traffic from ATE 1 to  the prefix and confirming the DUT forwards the traffic to either ATE port2 or 2, but not both.

*  RT-1.51.2: Enforcing multipath hence ECMP scope to only one peer AS

>   *  Configure ATE devices(ports) on same AS and connected to one internal target network

Reviewer: You can ask to reuse config from RT-1.51.1

  *  Enable multipath and set maximum-paths limit to 2

>   *  Advertise equal cost paths from 3 interfaces of ATE of same AS

Reviewer: Recommend use same as RT-1.51.1,  advertsing from ATE ports 2,3 .  Then you can use port 1 to send traffic for verification.  Very common pattern in our tests.  (1 port sending to 2 ports)

  *  Validate: heck entries in FIB for advertised prefix, it should only have 2 entries

> 

Reviewer: Also add check by sending traffic.  Since in 1.51.1 we verified maximum-paths = 1 (the default),  then this test can just maximum-paths = 2.

> *  RT-1.51.3: Allowing multipath hence ECMP across different peer AS

Reviewer: I suggest using the wording which directly matches the OC model for consistency and clarity.

```suggestion
*  RT-1.51.3: Verify use of allow-multiple-as for ECMP routing across different peer AS
```
